Drew Lange - dlange - Section C
Dylan Kern - dkern - Section D
Asteroids


Program Description:
Our program recreates the first level of the classic game Asteroids.
The player starts at the center and uses the arrows keys to move around. The space bar fires
a projectile to destroy asteroids. The asteroids break apart once on collision with the projectile,
and if hit again are permanently destroyed. You win if all asteroids are destroyed, and you lose if
the ship collides with an asteroid.


Program Documentation: 
When the program is run, it jumps straight into the game. The up arrow key moves the player forward,
while left and right rotate the player. The space bar shoots a projectile. 

*On one of our computers, the ship cannot turn left and shoot at the same time, but it works on the other computer.

Possible modification include:
	speed of ship
	rotation speed
	max bullets
	start asteroids
	Add point system
	Add levels
	Revise ship movement
	More accurate collisions
	Ship lives

The first four require changing a constant. 
The points system would be necessary if more levels existed. It would be tied to the bullet-asteroid collision
and increment the points by a set amount.
Levels would be different by the number of asteroids. The program would loop when all the asteroids are destroyed,
spawning new asteroids, until the ship is destroyed.
Ship movement needs some revision as single key presses cause unexpected movement.
Collisions with the ship would need more information for the irregular shape of the asteroid and ship.
Lives would likely require a for or while loop.

Tests:
1) Invalid key inputs are ignored and do not do anything.
2) Game ends when ship collides with an asteroid.
3) Asteroids break into two asteroids when first hit, and disappear when hit a second time. Location of the 
new asteroids are consistent with the original and break off at slightly different angles.
4) Borders of window cause for objects to reappear on opposite side
5) Game ends when all asteroids are gone


Reflection: 
The project enhanced our knowledge and implementation of SFML through the SFML documentation. 
We also enhanced our general coding ability by having to create the project from scratch.
We knew the program would be difficult, but there were more obstacles than we expected. It was frustrating to have
to change a part of the program that appears in many places when we found a better way to do something. If we were
to do it again, we would likely focus more on efficiency in our code. We would also use the SFML template instead
of doing it ourselves.


